Mole
====

Static HTML generator, suitable for blog &amp; pages website.

Mole is a utility that allows you to create a static web site from a set of 
markdown files. It works well for simple sites with a blog and a set of pages.

# Quick Start

##1. Install 

Paste the following line at the powershell prompt.

`
(new-object Net.WebClient).DownloadString("https://raw.github.com/TechHike/mole/master/Install.ps1") | iex
`

This will download all the necessary Mole files and import the Mole module. When the process is finished, you should see a message that says:

"Mole initialize."

##2. Initialize a site directory.

Create a new directory, then change directory into the your new directory. Paste the following line into the powershell prompt.

`
Initialize-Mole
`

This will create directories and files that are necessary for Mole to operate. You will see that a sub folder created called _mole. This is where all supporting files are located.

To change the configuration of this site, edit Site.ps1.

To add a new post create a file in the _mole\posts directory. Open the welcome.md file to see an example of a valid post file. All post files must have a .md extension. 

You can also create pages in the _mole\pages directory.

The site template is located in the _mole\templates directory.

##3. Publish your site

From the site directory, at the powershell prompt:

`
Publish-Mole
`

This will publish all HTML files to your site directory. You can now host these HTML files using any web server of your choice.

For the cheapest  simplest possible hosting, I would recommend using [dropbox](http://www.dropbox.com) and [site44](http://www.site44.com). With site44 you can host a website based on a dropbox folder. Once configured, you can publish your HTML files through Mole, have dropbox sync the files and site44 publishes those files to the web. It is extrememly efficent and easy to use.

A Windows Azure web site is also a good hosting option. You can easily setup publishing using BitBucket, Github or Codeplex to host the static files generated by Mole.
